Q.1.
seelect the best practices when working with a rectangular data (revise the EDA lecture by Brian Caffo, if needed). Select all that apply. 
Answer
  Do not use a number for missing values (e.g. -999) 
  Do not use special features if using excel (like embedded graphs)
  No spaces, special characters in column names 
  
  Q.2.Based on the Chapter 3 Stating and Refining the question Peng, R. D., & Matsui, E. (2016). The Art of Data Science: A guide for anyone who works with Data.

How many basic questions should we be aware of for the first core activity in Data Analysis workflow?
Answer
6

Q.3.Based on the Chapter3 Stating and Refining the question Peng, R. D., & Matsui, E. (2016). The Art of Data Science: A guide for anyone who works with Data.

The following description is a characteristics of which question?

The results from this question do not provide any interpretation, but merely a fact.
Answer
descriptive 

Q.4.Based on the Chapter 3 Stating and Refining the question Peng, R. D., & Matsui, E. (2016). The Art of Data Science: A guide for anyone who works with Data.

State whether the following statement is accurate:

In many cases, the choice of question (causal, inferential, descriptive etc) depends on the data that is available.
Answer
True

Q.5.you have a vector x

x <- c(15,20,50,70,80,95)

select what values are extracted by using the following slicing:

x[c(2,6)]
Answer
20,95

Q.6.Select examples of scalar quantities. Select all that apply. If not sure - review the lecture Data Types.
Answer
  density 
  length 
  temperature 
  
  Q.7.you have the following matrix X. The matrix has been sliced X[4, 2]. Select the correct answer:
Answer
9

Q.8.Identify the data structure for two-dimensional data with data of the same type in R.
Answer
matrix

Q.9.To work with Data frame in python you need to explicitly import one common library. Write the code line as you would do in your python code (review lecture Data Structure and python practice, as needed).

Note: no caps, keep one space between words only
Answer
import pandas as pd

Q.10.Create a data frame in python from two arrays (review lecture Data Structure and practice as needed).

import a necessary library

your first column is named "Name" with the following values: Tom, Ann, John

your second column is named "Age" with the following values: 50, 30, 20

create a data frame named df

print the first and the second rows. Hint: use slicing and remember in python the indexing starts with zero.

Note this question will be manually graded.
Answer
import pandas as pd
data = [['Tom',50],['Ann',30],['john',20]]
df = pd.DataFrame(data,columns=['Name','Age'])
print(df[0:2])
